% MUN Computer Science Society % Meeting Minutes % <DATE (such as February 7th, 2019)>

Attendance
--> Courtney St. George (President); present
--> Riley Flynn (Vice President); present
--> Jack Harrhy (Tech. Officer); present
--> Jacob Critch (Social Rep.); absent
--> Tahsin Ahmed Sakib (Treasurer); present
--> Kyle Olmstead (Executive Assistant); present
--> Martin Whelan (Ac. Officer); present
--> Ricky Hineman (Ac. Officer); absent
--> Taylor Hadfield (Event Coord.); present
--> Keegan Churchill (Sports Coord.); absent
--> Stephen Tollenaar (Rep. At Large); present

Agenda Topics:
None were laid out as this system is new.

Other Topics:
Mixers:
  Every 2 weeks we get society room
  
Friday Feb 8 Mixer:
  Everything is bought, Marty is going to set everything up day of.
  All Ages Boardgame night.
 
 Awards:
  Dean Of Sci. (15th Feb)
  President Award (?)
  Outstanding Prof(?)
  President Graduate (we don't do anything its all graduate voted)
  MMM won the student vote held.
  Each award has a ridiculously specific set of qualifications, not worth writing them out here. Ask Riley for detailed email.

Events:
  Diplomacy started.
  BBQ sometime when it's warmer/no snow.
  Taylor takes over Bus Crawl preparations from Mallory(Math events coord.)

**Code Night:
  Polling students for dates.
  Undecided if weekly/biweekly.
  Need to book lab out with office.
  Goals:
    Get people out working together.
    Not a time for groups to meet and work seperated- every shares their knowledge with others.

Hackathon:
  Local Companies voiced support for us.

*Local Companies Equipment:
  They give away professional level dev equipment to elementary schools... MUN gives us dollar store keyboards.
  Marty will reach out to see if we can secure donations to refurbish the CS Student Labs.
  Plans (so far):
    Get new peripherals.
    Get new desks.
    Move the unused smart board from the help center to the lab.
    Get new locks for the doors to prevent theft and prevent engineers from going in there.
  Once Marty reaches out to his connections, Courtney and Kyle will go the main office with the proposal.
  (no way they say no to free things)
  Can use it for events in the future, in moderate disarray currently.
